Blue Dream Strain - Hybrid Cannabis Review, 30% THC, 1.0% CBD & 1mg/g Caryophyllene Create A Hytiva Account or Sign In Get access to exclusive deals from your local dispensary. Order Order cannabis at a local dispensary near you! Dispensaries Brands Order Delivery or Pickup Find a local dispensary & product that's right for you. Strains Explore Hytiva's extensive library of cannabis strains. Sativa Strains that offer chilling & relaxing body high Indica Earthy, stimulating & uplifting head high Hybrid Similar effects to both sativa and indica dominant strains. Explore All Strains Find the perfect cannabis strain. Learn The basics of cannabis to make informed choices and feel confident. News Discover the many uses of cannabis in cooking, fitness, culture, health, relationships, and travel. Research Explore a curated collection of clinical studies and scholarly cannabinoid research. Hytiva Technology Suite ® A Suite of Services that is tailored to your unique business needs. Dispensary Use all or any combination of the Hytiva Technology Suite ® of Services. Hytiva Point Of Sale ® Customized software for your team Delivery Specialized delivery services for compliant cannabis Support Contact our support teams Dispensary Solutions Online & In-Store services Online Menus Real time menus Digital Displays In-Store menu displays Branded Mobile Apps Tailored mobile apps for your brand In Store Kiosks Reduce customer wait times Schedule a Demo Contact a Hytiva representative to learn more. Get Started Sign up for the Hytiva Technology Suite ® of Services My Account Update your profile & look at your previous orders. Hytiva Racing A force on the pavement, and testament to the relentless pursuit of excellence. Location Sign In Cart 0 Location Cart 0 Menu hybrid Blue Dream Strain Highlights Blueberry x Haze THC 30.263% CBD 1.0% Beta Caryophyllene 1.286mg/g Flavors Earthy Sweet Effects Energetic Creative Hungry Dry Eyes Dry Mouth Nervous Activities Arts & Crafts Eating Going Out Social Events Hytiva's Review on Blue Dream The sativa-dominant hybrid Blue Dream is a favorite strain for both novice and veteran cannabis consumers. Its fragrance consists of a light and sweet blueberry perfume with a woody undertone. When harvest-ready, its buds are light green and often quite sticky with lots of trichomes and bright orange hairs. The THC level of this strain falls at around 15%, just enough for both experienced and first-time users to enjoy the effects of its high. The peak THC level for Blue Dream is approximately 21%. Its high consists of cerebral activity and a healthy body buzz with a delicate balance between sativa and indica effects. Blue Dream is a good wake-and- bake strain, relieving tension in the body while increasing both creativity and energy to the consumer. Blue Dream will induce the munchies. Recommended consumption time is no later than two hours before bedtime. Besides cotton mouth and dry eyes, paranoia may surface if too much is consumed. Growers recommend indoor cultivation for this strain because it is susceptible to spider mite infestations. Watch our Review Cannabis Lab Report THCA 32.872 % THC 30.263 % CBGA 1.314 % CBD 1.0 % CBG 0.556 % CBC 0.329 % Beta Caryophyllene 1.286 mg/g Alpha Humulene 0.433 mg/g Linalool 0.304 mg/g Limonene 0.245 mg/g Lineage for Blue Dream Frequently Asked Questions About Blue Dream What is Blue Dream? Blue Dream is a popular and widely recognized sativa-leaning hybrid strain known for its balanced effects and pleasant flavor profile. Where does Blue Dream come from? Blue Dream is a cross of Blueberry and Haze. What does Blue Dream smell like? Blue Dream has a sweet and fruity aroma, often with notes of blueberries that is mixed with a herbal and woody undertone. What does Blue Dream taste like? Blue Dream tastes of a blend of sweetness and earthiness, with hints of blueberries and other fruity undertones. It offers a smooth and enjoyable taste experience, with a touch of herbal notes. What color does Blue Dream have? Blue Dream's buds are dense, chunky and come in shades of bright green that can have deep blue hues. The buds are joined by orange pistils that pop in constract against the thick silver coating of trichomes. What effects does Blue Dream have? Blue Dream is loved for its balanced effects, combining both physical relaxation and mental stimulation. Consumers sate it starts with a gentle and uplifting rush that brings them blissful energy. In the body they note feeling relaxed and calm. Some individuals have said it is helpful for managing stress, anxiety, and mild to moderate pain. Is Blue Dream an Indica, Sativa, or Hybrid? Blue Dream is sativa-dominant hybrid strain. Comments Want cannabis news and updates? Signup for our newsletter Notify Me We care about the protection of your data. Read our Privacy Policy . Home Strains Hybrid Blue Dream Hytiva is a global leader in cannabis technology, providing a comprehensive suite of services that connect consumers, dispens